{\rtf1



\ql\ul0\fi250\fs19\sa75
\tx100\tx250\tx350\tx500



{\qc\fs21\ul1\sb400\sa100\fi0
About
\par}
This is a complete rewrite of an ugly font editor I wrote many years ago. Now its code is much less ugly.\par



{\qc\fs21\ul1\sb400\sa100\fi0
Changelog
\par}

\fi0\sa0
\pard\li250\fi-150\tx150 -\tab 31 January 2020:
\par\pard\li500\fi-150\tx150 -\tab Add raw bitmap import/export functionality
\par\pard\li250\fi-150\tx150 -\tab 8 March 2019:
\par\pard\li500\fi-150\tx150 -\tab Added support for FontLibC.
\par\pard\li250\fi-150\tx150 -\tab 24 August 2015:
\par\pard\li500\fi-150\tx150 -\tab Added proper clipboard support; can now copy between program instances and bitmap editors like paint
\par\pard\li250\fi-150\tx150 -\tab 26 November 2013:
\par\pard\li500\fi-150\tx150 -\tab Fixed issue where combing Drag 'n' Fill with Toggle Mode would result in spastic toggling.
\par\pard\li500\fi-150\tx150 -\tab Fixed Preview Text font not changing when a new font is loaded.
\par\pard\li500\fi-150\tx150 -\tab Added option for using the Chart for navigation
\par\pard\li250\fi-150\tx150 -\tab 10 September 2013:
\par\pard\li500\fi-150\tx150 -\tab Fixed bug in word-wrap code.
\par\pard\li250\fi-150\tx150 -\tab 9 September 2013:
\par\pard\li500\fi-150\tx150 -\tab Made word-wrap code less ugly.
\par\pard\li250\fi-150\tx150 -\tab 5 September 2013:
\par\pard\li500\fi-150\tx150 -\tab Reduced .NET requirement from 4.5 to 3.5 Client Profile. Thanks to merthsoft for the code that made this possible.
\par\pard\li500\fi-150\tx150 -\tab Revamped the Help dialog to have topics.
\par\pard\li500\fi-150\tx150 -\tab Added word-wrap code in the text previewer.
\par\pard\li250\fi-150\tx150 -\tab 23 August 2013:
\par\pard\li500\fi-150\tx150 -\tab Next public release.
\par\pard\li500\fi-150\tx150 -\tab Added BDF import function.
\par\pard\li500\fi-150\tx150 -\tab Released source code.
\par\pard\li250\fi-150\tx150 -\tab 27 June 2013:
\par\pard\li500\fi-150\tx150 -\tab Fixed bug in file saving that made loading saved files impossible.
\par\pard\li500\fi-150\tx150 -\tab Added "Double Width" mode.
\par\pard\li250\fi-150\tx150 -\tab 26 June 2013:
\par\pard\li500\fi-150\tx150 -\tab Initial public release.
\par\pard



}