{\rtf1



\ql\ul0\fi250\fs19\sa75
\tx100\tx250



{\qc\fs21\ul1\sb400\sa100\fi0
Character Editor
\par}
The Character Editor window is used for editing glyphs. 
You can use the mouse or keyboard to edit glyphs. 
With a keyboard, the arrow keys move the cursor and enter or space toggles the selected pixel. 
With a mouse, left-click sets a pixel and right-click resets it. 
Alternatively, if you select Toggle Mode under the View menu, then any click will toggle the selected pixel. 
By default, dragging the cursor will also set all covered pixels; this can be disabled by unsetting Drag 'n' Fill Mode under the View menu. 
\par

The Character Editor also allows you to edit other properties of a glyph. 
It allows you to edit each glyph's width, Unicode codepoint, and name. 
Data Width is used with formats that pack font data into bytes; see the Font Properties help item for more detail. 
(The Name field is purely for your own note-keeping.) 
The Character box lets you select, by numeric codepoint, which glyph you are editing. 
\par

The Edit menu provides additional functions that edit the character. 
Of most note is the internal clipboard, which lets you copy-and-paste glyphs. 
Please note the keyboard short-cuts! Ctrl+Z is not undo.
\par

Horizontal guide lines can be adjusted in the Font Properties dialong.
\par

Under the View menu are several useful options. 
You can adjust the magnification of the character editor. 
You can also turn the grid on or off. 
The Search function lets you jump to a character by typing it in. 
Chart Navigation lets you select a character by clicking on it in the Chart dialog. 
The other options in the View menu are there only to show you what the keyboard shortcuts are. 
\par

}