{\rtf1



\ql\ul0\fi250\fs19\sa75
\tx100\tx250



{\qc\fs21\ul1\sb400\sa100\fi0
Font Properties
\par}
The Properties window lets you edit global properties of the font.\par

{\qc\fs21\ul1\sb400\sa100\fi0
Physical Properties
\par}

If "Data Width Multiple of 8" is checked, then you can only select widths that are a multiple of 8. The Data Width and Width fields can only be edited if the font is fixed-width. If you turn off variable-width support on a variable-width font, all characters will acquire the width of glyph 77 (M in ASCII), which is usually the widest glyph.\par

Some devices do not use square pixels. Although the font format supports any aspect ratio, currently you can only select between square and 2:1 pixels using the "Double Width" option.\par

The Metrics fields control additional physical glyph properties. Baseline may be used to align fonts of different sizes. x-Height, the height of a lowercase letter, and Cap Height, the height of capital letters, are largely just to help in glyph design.\par

For formats that allow you to specify less than 256 glyphs, the Code Points properties let you specify how many are included. Both bounds are inclusive.\par

{\qc\fs21\ul1\sb400\sa100\fi0
Metadata
\par}

The Metadata editor lets you add additional information, such as a name or copyright. Some exporters may change how they process font data depending on metadata. For example, the MicrOS exporter will invert all pixels if the key "Inverted" is present and has the value "true".\par

The Code Page Table import/export functions may be useful for synchronizing Unicode translations across multiple fonts. A code page file is a text document containing 257 lines. The first line is the name of the code page. Each of the next 256 lines defines what Unicode code point maps to the corresponding 8-bit code page code point, starting with code point 0 and going to 255 sequentially. The first character on the line is the Unicode character that 8-bit code point represents, and the remainder may optionally define a name for that code point (e.g. "question mark").\par

The Style fields do not directly affect the font; they're only provided for reference to programs using the fonts. The Weight field is a hexadecimal number. Standard values are suggested, but you can specify non-standard values too.\par




}